Yes, Young-dong
It must be my special effects that are working
Otherwise, it's impossible with him as a watchdog
Ying Dong
How can you hit someone? You are still lecherous when Director Ying hits you.
If it weren't for Meng Shimin's face
I'll fucking chop you up get out of here
I'll get out too, I'll get out too
You did good.
pity
There's another one.
Mr. Du, what's wrong?
Don't you still have a contract to sign with Mr. Yin?
Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Sign the contract for this Chinese business order.
Be sure to sign it for Mr. Lu
I'm sorry, I'll treat you to dinner another day.
Okay, let's have dinner together when we have time.
Mr. Yin's body is still a little weak
I'll give you a prescription.
Remember to take medicine, okay, okay
Hello, let me know now.
From now on
Terminate everything and pool with the Sun family